My stance on the modern days of disorder naming (video game disorder rant)

I am pretty sure at this point you have heard about the terrible gaming disorder, and it is completely unreasonable. They have a reason, but it is a very weak reason.
These days, people are just finding new and new things to harass other people about, and take away from them, like Feminazis, fake threats, and a lot of other stuff.
Gaming disorder is most recent, and since it passed, we need to do anything before this way of thinking spreads. There was no science backed up to this, they were
going with no facts. All they wanted to do was get people to be bored, and take away an entertainment source, and get them to pay an additional six hundred and thirty
dollars on pills per year, for something that shouldn't be treated.

There are WAY more important issues in this world, and this is just slowing down how we operate and function as a society. They have been saying that their kids have
been doing everything to keep playing games, like wetting themselves. That is not a disorder, that is a bad action, and that deserves punishment. However, that isn't
the only reason. They are stating that "if you play video games for more than 3 hours of day, you have a gaming disorder" that can be applied to ANYTHING! Let me guess,
now they are going to make a reading disorder. The teacher is like "Ok george, you have been reading for 3 hours, you better stop growing your knowledge now, and get
your sorry ass down to the nurse so we can inject medicine into you to somehow make you stop doing something to entertain and educate yourself"

however, it is different in video games, and video games are NOT a bad thing. There are limits of when you should stop, and they described NONE of these. They blantly
stated "only 3 hours" they didn't classify the part that "you stopped going outside, spending time with your family, going to work, interacting with the community,
prevent you from eating, prevent you from drinking, prevent you from sleeping" and so on
but no! There is a time limit now, and if you go over that limit, you are wrong in the head. Now we need to pop some pills into your mouth.

What if there was completely nothing else to do? What if your job is to test video games for debugging? What if you need to program a program to help bring the world
further into the technical state of humanity? This WILL cause issues, and there is NO way you are going to get me to take more pills every day. I only take the ones
that are required for me to function, and with this rule, that can be considered a pill disorder, so i need a pill for that. What the hell? 

You should be able to know when to stop, and if you don't, you shouldn't have to get pills. Its sad that common sense is not common anymore, it is getting even more
rare by the day. 

If gaming can be a disorder, so many other things can be as well, like breathing, sleeping, sports, running, jumping, working. Yeah, what if you have to work at your 
job, and then after 3 hours, "you have to take a break George, get out of my powerplant!" this will cause more issues. And since they can claim anything to be a disorder
with no evidence, then this could be next. 

Imagine if doing your job was a disorder, and you only got to work for 3 hours a day. That business will fail, you won't be able to go to the grocery store, since
there would be no workers there to check you out. This applies to every restaurant, store, factory, and business in existance. You just have to find a stopping
point.

It should only be an issue when it is interfearing with your life to the point where you can't survive. 3 hours is ridiculous, and it is sad. This will also shorten
school days to 3 hours, because then kids would have a learning disorder, and they would have to get rid of the actual important learning disorder to make room for
the disorder where you learn for more than 3 hours. Kids are already being dumbed down WAY too far, and I don't know what life would be like if it got any worse 
*cough* I-ready *cough* Death *cough* *cough* 

We are devolving as a society, and i am evolving. Please don't drag me down with you. This is just ridiculous. If you are going to do something like this, you are
going to have to give actual facts, not made up ones *cough* buzzfeed *cough* journaling sites that depend on ads and not readers *cough* 
Just going to say this ONE more time to drill this into your skull, if it doesn't, there is no hope for you, but PLEASE come up with actual facts, and not just make
something up so you can get more money, and get your son off his entertainment console when he is bored.

Hopefully, we can start evolving again soon, i am really tired of devolving